The development process began with me just making random features that I thought would be useful in the real world. I knew I wanted to make something related to equity research, but not much else. During this stage, much of the programming was done via Claude code and GitHub Copilot. They were also used for idea generation. For the most part, the code worked on the first try. After two or so weeks, the features became more refined, and I found some genuinely useful ways to implement the ChatGPT API. One of those features was getting the market yield on the most recently traded bond of a company. It's essential to get the most recently traded bond since the fixed income market can sometimes not be very liquid, depending on the issuer. Knowing what the yield is can help investors better understand default risk, and many investors pay for these services. Much of the inspiration for the project was taken from the Bloomberg Terminal. In the first few versions of the project, I made it so the output was printed in the terminal and not saved. In later versions, I changed this so that all the info gets saved into a markdown file. The software gets all its info from the Yahoo Finance API. The task management software was being developed separately, and the plan was to merge the files at a later date. Some of the code for the task management software was made using GitHub spec kit, but was mostly thrown out. I preferred to use the code generated by Claude code. In total, I came up with about four versions of the task management system. They all had the same features, but the UI/UX was very different. The final version did have one key feature that set it apart from the other versions. When you begin the process of researching a company, it automatically adds tasks to the task manager. I would say about 80% of the code was generated by AI in this project. Although I had to prompt more than once before the code made its way into the project and got committed, it was a great help. During the development of the project, I did have some trouble with git, although it was a great learning experience and helped me better understand how git works. Before this class, I had no idea how git or the terminal worked. The first couple of versions of software I had were not very user-friendly. The software still has room for improvement, but it is a vast improvement from where it used to be. Before you could even do anything useful, you had to run two commands. This has not been updated, so it's able to be used right out of the box. The development process was not very smooth, especially since this was the first real project I worked on, but the end product does seem to be a useful product I can see myself using after this class. 
